README.md: fix link to tools (#20)
prplfoundation/prplMesh: README.md

repo forall -p -c 'git checkout $REPO_RREV'
```
## Build Instructions

> Each component can be built with CMAKE, or use maptools.py build command - see [prplMesh-tools](https://github.com/prplfoundation/prplMesh/tree/master/tools)

Reviewer: Actually, it would be better to link to the file directly:
```suggestion
Each component can be built with CMAKE, or use the [tools/maptools.py](tools/maptools.py) build command.
```
